README.md, before:

# Travel Rx

## Contributors
#### Frontend Engineers
[Amy Rippeto](https://github.com/aripp2)
[Jeannie Evans](https://github.com/jmevans0211)

#### Backend Engineers
[Leiya Kenney](https://github.com/leiyakenney)
[Smitha Hosmani](https://github.com/hsmitha26)

##### [Backend Repository](https://github.com/travel-rx/flask-travel-rx)

##### [Project Management Board](https://github.com/orgs/travel-rx/projects/1)

## About the App
TravelRx is a mobile application that helps track your medication on the go. Additionally, the application comes with a translation feature where the user can translate frequently used emergency phrases in 5 of the most spoken languages, French, Spanish, German, Mandarin, and Arabic.

![summary-trx](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48900496/72025392-3b6ee400-3235-11ea-917f-8a80c1f51175.gif)

## Directions to Run Application

#### Install [Expo Client](https://expo.io/dashboard/jeannieevans) on your mobile phone.

#### In your terminal: 

Clone this repo: `$ git clone https://github.com/travel-rx/fe-travel-rx.git`

Install expo-cli: `$ npm install -g expo-cli`

Install all dependencies: `$ npm install`

Start up the app: `$ expo start`

Open up the camera on your phone to scan QR code

Run test suite: `$ npm test`


## App Preview
<details>
<summary>Search for Generic Medication Name</summary>
  <img src = "https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48900496/72026035-5b9fa280-3237-11ea-88e6-0bd18a376d34.gif" />

</details>

<details>
<summary>Add a Medication</summary>
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48900496/72026501-e208b400-3238-11ea-954f-cd89a7f13ae4.gif" />
</details>

<details>
<summary>Delete a Medication</summary>
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48900496/72025983-2e52f480-3237-11ea-97a1-e0a3fc46e2e6.gif" />
</details>

<details>
<summary>Translate Emergency Phrases</summary>
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48900496/72026251-17f96880-3238-11ea-84cc-ad8c91a4df98.gif" />
</details>



## Wireframe & Process

<details>
  <summary>Description</summary>
  Throughout the course of this project we took a very collaborative approach. We frequently met, starting with standups, and paired to not only have another set of eyes on the code, but to support each other in our individually learning goals. Initially, we began with wireframing and the vision. With our vision and basic wireframes in mind, we began learning React Native and creating more complex wireframes with the program, inVision Studio. With more knowledge on React Native we began coding and remained flexible with the features present on the application. In the end we were able to sucessfully implement the endpoints created by our backend team as well as create the Emergency Translations feature independently. inVision - Wireframes below for visuals.
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Vision - Wireframes</summary>
  
  ![IMG_2702](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48900496/72034912-9d3e4680-3253-11ea-9f59-7d0ad75dc18f.PNG)
  
  ![IMG_2701](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48900496/72034910-9ca5b000-3253-11ea-830b-4fee80c9d5c4.PNG)
  
  <img width="874" alt="Screen Shot 2020-01-08 at 12 09 53 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44537724/72040643-6d4c6e80-3266-11ea-9dc2-e1587aae9fbe.png">
  
</details>

## Tech Stack

![c8150d863e584ed42ccfbdc3f3f1aa3a](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48900496/72027736-59d8dd80-323d-11ea-8a96-3887ea5750b1.jpg)

Commit message:

Update about section of readme

README.md, after:

# Travel Rx

## Contributors
#### Frontend Engineers
[Amy Rippeto](https://github.com/aripp2)
[Jeannie Evans](https://github.com/jmevans0211)

#### Backend Engineers
[Leiya Kenney](https://github.com/leiyakenney)
[Smitha Hosmani](https://github.com/hsmitha26)

##### [Backend Repository](https://github.com/travel-rx/flask-travel-rx)

##### [Project Management Board](https://github.com/orgs/travel-rx/projects/1)

## About the App
TravelRx is a traveller’s favorite medication-tracking companion! With TravelRx, you don’t need to worry about getting sick while travelling and needing to find the proper medication on your own, losing your everyday medications, or being able to find medical assistance in an area where you don’t speak the language.

Our app provides a traveller with the ability to look up a medication’s generic name from its American brand name, as pharmacies worldwide use the generic medication name rather than brand names. It also provides you with access to a personalized “medicine cabinet,” where you can store information about the medications you take, including their name (brand and generic), time of day you take the medicine, frequency of dosage, as well as the dosage amount.

Lastly, if you are in an area where Spanish, French, Mandarin, German, or Arabic are spoken, TravelRx provides you with popular emergency medical phrases to assist you in getting the help you need.

TravelRx project was completed in 13 days by a team comprised of two front end and two back end developers. This was our first cross-pollination project where members of the two distinct programs at Turing School of Software and Design worked together to produce one app using an idea pitched by one of the members.

![summary-trx](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48900496/72025392-3b6ee400-3235-11ea-917f-8a80c1f51175.gif)

## Directions to Run Application

#### Install [Expo Client](https://expo.io/dashboard/jeannieevans) on your mobile phone.

#### In your terminal: 

Clone this repo: `$ git clone https://github.com/travel-rx/fe-travel-rx.git`

Install expo-cli: `$ npm install -g expo-cli`

Install all dependencies: `$ npm install`

Start up the app: `$ expo start`

Open up the camera on your phone to scan QR code

Run test suite: `$ npm test`


## App Preview
<details>
<summary>Search for Generic Medication Name</summary>
  <img src = "https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48900496/72026035-5b9fa280-3237-11ea-88e6-0bd18a376d34.gif" />

</details>

<details>
<summary>Add a Medication</summary>
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48900496/72026501-e208b400-3238-11ea-954f-cd89a7f13ae4.gif" />
</details>

<details>
<summary>Delete a Medication</summary>
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48900496/72025983-2e52f480-3237-11ea-97a1-e0a3fc46e2e6.gif" />
</details>

<details>
<summary>Translate Emergency Phrases</summary>
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48900496/72026251-17f96880-3238-11ea-84cc-ad8c91a4df98.gif" />
</details>



## Wireframe & Process

<details>
  <summary>Description</summary>
  Throughout the course of this project we took a very collaborative approach. We frequently met, starting with standups, and paired to not only have another set of eyes on the code, but to support each other in our individually learning goals. Initially, we began with wireframing and the vision. With our vision and basic wireframes in mind, we began learning React Native and creating more complex wireframes with the program, inVision Studio. With more knowledge on React Native we began coding and remained flexible with the features present on the application. In the end we were able to sucessfully implement the endpoints created by our backend team as well as create the Emergency Translations feature independently. inVision - Wireframes below for visuals.
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Vision - Wireframes</summary>
  
  ![IMG_2702](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48900496/72034912-9d3e4680-3253-11ea-9f59-7d0ad75dc18f.PNG)
  
  ![IMG_2701](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48900496/72034910-9ca5b000-3253-11ea-830b-4fee80c9d5c4.PNG)
  
  <img width="874" alt="Screen Shot 2020-01-08 at 12 09 53 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44537724/72040643-6d4c6e80-3266-11ea-9dc2-e1587aae9fbe.png">
  
</details>

## Tech Stack

![c8150d863e584ed42ccfbdc3f3f1aa3a](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48900496/72027736-59d8dd80-323d-11ea-8a96-3887ea5750b1.jpg)
